h1. Travel Hacker

This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.com/.

h2. Diagnostics

This application was built with recipes that are known to work together.

This application was built with preferences that are known to work together.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please "report an issue":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues and include these diagnostics:

We'd also like to know if you've found combinations of recipes or preferences that do work together.

Recipes:
["controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"rails3-bootstrap-devise-cancan", :database=>"sqlite", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"cucumber", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"sass", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"default", :authorization=>"cancan", :starter_app=>"admin_app", :form_builder=>"simple_form", :quiet_assets=>true, :dev_webserver=>"thin", :prod_webserver=>"thin", :templates=>"erb", :ban_spiders=>true, :rvmrc=>true, :github=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.9

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.com/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses SQLite / PG  with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Gmail account during testing.

h2. Getting Started

Bleh just ask Ryan Y. @ the moment.

h2. Documentation and Support

Just look at the code for now brah.

h4. Issues

There are no known issues at this time, please keep in mind testing support is limited at the moment as this is still considered a "R&D" application until the stories have been created.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.

h2. License

2012 ShopSmart, Inc
